Transcript


what about this um Adolescence where you
are getting the blame for kids being
killed in schools like that's pretty
serious on Netflix it's a massive show
as well watch that they're running out
of ideas they're running out of ideas
and you know it's very easy to get mad
at adolescence for saying Andrew Tate's
name but let's take Andrew Tate out of
the equation let's talk about other
things wrong with the series one one of
the actors one of the policemen is Asher
D the former So Solid Crew guy have you
ever listened to his music yeah well if
you ever listen to like you know about
being a road man selling this dealing
that stabbing this person who is he to
be in a series and demonize Andrew for
the rise in violence in England one two
the people who are stabbing are not
overwhelmingly in fact there's not a
single case I believe of a white English
boy of 13 ever stabbing a girl so they
say based on true story but that's not a
true story i think they're trying to
demon demonize the exact people that I
fight for the workingclass native
British person they're trying to
demonize him um the fact that they've
got Andrew's message completely wrong
because this guy is apparently heavily
influenced by incel culture incel
culture is not what Andrew and I teach
at all we teach a message of
self-improvement and if women don't like
you haha loser it's your fault do better
um I feel like to even call someone an
involuntarily celibate male when he's 13
is a sexualization of children so the
producer of the show needs to have his
hard drive checked the things wrong with
this series is a lot longer than blaming
Andrew Tate
but they got what they wanted out of
blaming Andrew Tate they got the
headlines they got Andrew talking about
it they got me and you talking about it
right now and I'll probably sue him at
some point